{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14200\viewh16520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 RinseCup CleanUp
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \

\fs48 Hazard Identification
\fs32 \
\
RinseCup CleanUp is a white, granular polymer that yields a gel-like material with the addition of water. It is insoluble in water and causes extremely slippery conditions when wet.\
\
\

\fs48 Potential Health Effects\

\fs32 \

\b EYES:
\b0  Dust may cause burning, drying, itching and other discomfort, resulting in reddening of the eyes.\

\b SKIN:
\b0  Exposure to the dust, such as in manufacturing, may exasperate existing skin conditions due to drying effect.\

\b INGESTION:
\b0  DO NOT INGEST! Although not a likely route of entry, tests have shown that this product is NON-TOXIC if ingested. However, as in any instance of non-food consumption, seek medical attention in the event of any adverse symptoms.\

\b INHALATION:
\b0  Exposure to respirable dust may cause respiratory tract and lung irritation and may exasperate existing respiratory conditions. \
\

\b HMIS RATINGS:
\b0   \
	Health: 1\
	Fire: 0\
	Reactivity: 0\

\b NFPA RATINGS:
\b0   \
	Health: 1\
	Fire: 0\
	Reactivity: 0\
\
\

\fs48 First Aid Measures
\fs32 \
\

\b EYES:
\b0  Immediately flush eyes with plenty of water for at least 15 minutes.\

\b SKIN:
\b0  Remove RinseCup CleanUp dust from skin using soap and water.\

\b INGESTION:
\b0  NON-TOXIC by ingestion. However, if adverse symptoms appear, seek medical attention.\

\b INHALATION:
\b0  If inhaled, move to source of fresh air. Seek medical attention if symptoms persist.\
\
\
\'97\'97\'97\
\
\

\fs28 RinseCup CleanUp is not regulated as a hazardous material throughout the United States.\
This product is chemically stable and has no known incompatibilities.\
\
RinseCup CleanUp is NON-TOXIC to aquatic or terrestrial organisms.\
\
The information herein is presented in good faith and believed to be accurate. However, no warranty, expressed or implied, is given. It is the buyer's responsibility to ensure that its activities comply with Federal, State or provincial, and local laws.\

\fs32 \

\fs28 Contact Us\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:rinsecup@yahoo.com"}}{\fldrslt rinsecup@yahoo.com}}\
(714) 369-7947\

\fs32 \
\
\
}